# Post processing script for cleaning metadata 
The script was created to clean the metadata generated from xml2workbench.py to Prepare the cleaned Metadata for Migrating collections from old Louisiana Digital Library  website to the new one. By running the script, the metadata will be updated to not only clean the metadata, but also, adding the new fields such as relationships across the different collections. Then, using the processed metadata in Islandora Workbench to migrate and import data from the old Louisiana Digital Library to the new website. 

It starts with the metadata generated by xml2workbench.py from XML files downloaded from LDL.

## This script has two main functionalities that is mentioned bellow:
### 1) Creating needed columns and dropping the unwanted fields from Metadata.
- a) In the first step, the script gets the metadata CSV, uses the existence of OBJ files in the directory, and processes them to generate the correct pattern for the file column according to the existence of those OBJ data for each node.
- b) Next, it will create needed columns such as a file, field_weight, and field_member_of and add those file directory patterns to the file columns for each node(webpage).
- c) Also, it drops unwanted columns that are not in Drupal default. The existence of these columns will stop the workbench process, as these fields do not exist in Drupal.

### 2) Processing the RDF files to write down the relationships(parent and children pages)
- 1) With looping into the file directory and RDF files in the folder, the script uses tags, attributes, and texts in RDF and cleans their name in an order that drupal can understand them.
- 2) Using three main tags inside the RDFs, which determine the relationship between nodes, the parent_id column can be filled out. Having information about relationships is crucial in the Workbench data ingestion stage.  
- 3) Also, by looping through  RDFs we get the correct information about field_weight, which indicates the order of children's pages.
- 4) Also, by looping through  RDFs, we get the correct information about field_weight, which indicates the order of children's pages.
